docs: Reshape Server fundamentals + add Configuration reference (#672)
serverpod/serverpod_docs: docs/06-concepts/00-start-command.md

---

> description: "Run your Serverpod project in development with serverpod start: code generation, hot reload, database migrations, and the companion Flutter app in one terminal."

Reviewer: Noun-first, and reworded to drop the colon so it stays unquoted like the rest.

```suggestion
description: The serverpod start command runs your project in development, with code generation, hot reload, database migrations, and the Flutter app in one terminal.
```
